chapter 1
  1.1 Implement an algorithm to determine if a string has all unique characters.
      What if you can not use additional data structures? 
  1.2 Write code to reverse a C-Style String. (C-String means that “abcd” is represented as five characters, 
      including the null character.) 
  1.3 Design an algorithm and write code to remove the duplicate characters in a string without using any additional buffer. 
      NOTE: One or two additional variables are fine. An extra copy of the array is not. FOLLOW UP Write the test cases for this method. 
  1.4 Write a method to decide if two strings are anagrams or not. 
  1.5 Write a method to replace all spaces in a string with ‘%20’. 
  1.6 Given an image represented by an NxN matrix, where each pixel in the image is 4 bytes, write a method to rotate the image by 90 degrees.
      Can you do this in place? 
  1.7 Write an algorithm such that if an element in an MxN matrix is 0, its entire row and column is set to 0. 
  1.8 Assume you have a method isSubstring which checks if one word is a substring of another. 
      Given two strings, s1 and s2, write code to check if s2 is a rotation of s1 using only one call to isSubstring 
      (i.e., “waterbottle” is a rotation of “erbottlewat”).
chapter 2
  2.1 Write code to remove duplicates from an unsorted linked list. 
      FOLLOW UP How would you solve this problem if a temporary buffer is not allowed?
  2.2 Implement an algorithm to find the nth to last element of a singly linked list.
  2.3 Implement an algorithm to delete a node in the middle of a single linked list, given only access to that node. 
      EXAMPLE Input: the node ‘c’ from the linked list a->b->c->d->e 
              Result: nothing is returned, but the new linked list looks like a->b->d->e
  2.4 You have two numbers represented by a linked list, where each node contains a single digit. 
      The digits are stored in reverse order, such that the 1’s digit is at the head of the list. 
      Write a function that adds the two numbers and returns the sum as a linked list. 
      EXAMPLE Input: (3 -> 1 -> 5) + (5 -> 9 -> 2) Output: 8 -> 0 -> 8
  2.5 Given a circular linked list, implement an algorithm which returns node at the beginning of the loop.
      DEFINITION Circular linked list:A (corrupt) linked list in which a node’s next pointer points to an earlier node,
      so as to make a loop in the linked list. 
      EXAMPLE input: A -> B -> C -> D -> E -> C (the same C as earlier) output: C
